ref #278: enable configurable variable(s) for the less compiler (#156)
chameleon-system/chameleon-base: UPGRADE-7.0.md

# Changed Features

> ## Less Compilation supports STATIC_CONTENT_URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Less Compilation Supports STATIC_CONTENT_URL
```

The less compiler TPkgViewRendererLessCompiler now supports an additional argument for variables that are passed to
less files. Currently this is used to inject STATIC_CONTENT_URL which can be used to load resources from another system

> (ie a CDN). This in turn can be configured with `chameleon_system_view_renderer.less_compiler: static_content_url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. a CDN). This in turn can be configured with `chameleon_system_view_renderer.less_compiler: static_content_url`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you move the new sections to a new file `UPGRADE-7.1md`?
